Add new feature: support injecting specified app package name (#1)
erfur/linjector-rs: README.md

Options:
  -p, --pid <PID>
          pid of the target process
  -a, --app-package-name <APP_PACKAGE_NAME>

>           target application's package name, restart the application and do injection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          target application's package name, (re)start the application and do injection
```

Could be better to indicate that it works for both cases.
